is it going guys ashes here and welcome
to another pack open and I guess what
guys I got a new chain guys thank you
for over 300 lights on last night's
video and also thank you for the support
I have gained 5k subscribers guys and
thank you for the support I'm just so
buzzing right now and guess what team in
a season is out so we are gonna open
more pads so it looks like we ran out
all 15k pack so we're gonna go with a
7.5 k pack we got em for me insane team
in the season today can we do it EA
you're just being nice to me and I hope
you can stay that's to me you have to
that back with EA so they give you
someone good and we get bad stupid not
the best so I'm not really like oh my
god oh my god I'm just like okay we got
em three and your EA you're just taking
my money you're just like that and we
get KR every youtuber Gotti but it was
seasoned and I get a shitty inform that
just sold for 15k me get Remy wow wow
wow wow wow wow is this who is this
who's this gonna give us Jefferson ah
damn it x will always be packs he ain't
always be EA shows ways be trolls now
add them together EA tros packs oh snap
I just guessed of that whoa I'm actually
good at rhyming continue you was just in
form yesterday oh my god i am not going
to skip this I refuse to skip this and
we get David Luiz why could I get team
of the season oh it's because your
mother flipping black we're gonna skip
this season oh my god
Mary Lou me Lily I've got deeper season
I could see by the season oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh sweep it out oh my
god oh oh my god I'm rich motherfucker
he just pulled a fucking informed I'm
fucking happy with this Danielle vez no
no no oh my god oh my god oh my god
Louie I just pulled it any office in the
same pack by did it all in the SR
hideous uh-oh eyes I cannot breathe
right now is just crazy packs that's
happening right now it's high definition
packs pull it in 720p because this is
live this is live reaction this is me
doc came over to the pack and finally
get good place and we can okok hooray ok
this is the loss pack
Carlos I don't care we got Carlos her
fucking ray yo how's it going EA has
released team of this season